sketch
i wnat to build a web-app with mainly 6 pages at the front, named as home, how to use, build your resume, build your cover
letter, build your cv, and blog. home, how to use, and blog sections are self explainatory. however, rest of three should 
move in such a way. 
when user open build your resume, it show further two cards, i.e., create new resume and upload your resume to reconsturt
or edit. after selecting create new resume, open the next page, where it is asking the basic questions about field, experience,
and similar quesitons. based on the answer of these quesitons, show to suitable resume template. after selecting the template,
it will open a new page, the editor page. The editor page will take all of the information and put it in the resume, for 
real-time. allow the drag and drop different section at different place at resume. While it is building realtime, paste as
much as possible watermark at the page to avoid piracy. allow user to download the gererated resume in .pdf, .txt, .jpg, and
.docx format. In downloaded file, make sure everything look like the realtime building resume. other than basic personal
information, add the content with AI or optimize different fileds with AI. View the ATS score for overall resume. for uploaded
resume, follow the same format like I tell you for the create new resume in editor section. Make as much as possible template
for each kind of job for different level of experience and education background. 
similar add for build your cover letter and build your CV. Give the suggestions for each thing. similar to resume section,
build as much as possible templates for various people. Always make it ATS friendy and also ensure that it should be 
well designed. 

Suggestions
I've a few suggestions that will improve this web-app. What is your take on these suggestions. 
1- Remove the upload existing resume section from resume seciton. 
2- There are a very few and limited designs that are currently available in each section. I want to add about at least 50+ different designs for resume, cv, and cover
letter. So, make a favor for me that add these designs which are attractive, engaging, well-crafted, and ATS friendly. 
3- Inculcate the AI in the app. I'll give you openai api key for that. 
4- People generate resume, cv, and cover letter for different jobs and reasons. each job or reason have different sort of requirements. I want you to add a card in each
section, i.e., resume, cv, and cover letter. This section served as the follows
- User upload the resume, cv, or cover letter.
- Web-app extract all of the content from the uploaded resume, cv, or cover-letter. 
- Web-app ask for the job requirement for which the user need new or updated cv, resume, or cover letter. 
- Web-app rewrite the entire extracted content of the user according to the job requirement. 
- After writing the content, ask user to select the ATS friendly engaging desings. 
- After design selection, move the entire data to different section in cv, cover letter, or resume. 
- Show the ATS score of new and uploaded resume, cv, or cover letter. 
- Allow to download as the usual way, i.e., pdf, jpeg, or .txt formats. 